Update buffer.md (#29792)
nodejs/node: doc/api/buffer.md

* [`Buffer.from(buffer)`][] returns a new `Buffer` that *contains a copy* of the
  contents of the given `Buffer`.
* [`Buffer.from(string[, encoding])`][`Buffer.from(string)`] returns a new

>   `Buffer` that *contains a copy* of the provided string. (When `'hex'` encoding a string, using odd number of characters may result in an unpredictable behaviour).

Reviewer: Given that this affects every Node.js API that takes an `encoding` argument (which is many), describing the behaviour of invalid input would be better placed at https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html#buffer_buffers_and_character_encodings

Also, the phrase added isn't so useful, I can't think of a predictable behaviour for providing a hex string that has half-bytes. Maybe describe what it actually does, ignore input from the first invalid or incomplete hex pair?

Author: Got you, on it.

* `'binary'` - Alias for `'latin1'`.

* `'hex'` - Encode each byte as two hexadecimal characters. If the number of

> hexadecimal characters is odd, the first incomplete hexadecimal pair is ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
hexadecimal characters is odd, the last character is ignored.
```

Reviewer 3: I think this might be better moving it down into it's own one line paragraph with a simple example

Reviewer 2: If we move it to its own paragraph, we can also add information (if it's not already there) about what happens if the string contains characters that are not hexadecimal (e.g., `'1a7g'`). That can also be in a separate PR, but wouldn't be out of place in this one!

Reviewer 4: @Trott "hexadecimal characters is odd, the last character is ignored." adding this line is enough ?
